窶ｪ[Joyce]
窶ｪThere's nothing left between us.
窶ｪ[Jonasi] 窶ｪThe only way I'll be leaving you
窶ｪis the day they put me
窶ｪin a coffin and bury me.
窶ｪ[Ntombi] 窶ｪMa'am! Joyce!
窶ｪMpume!
窶ｪ-窶ｪMr. Gomora! 窶ｪ[sobbing]
窶ｪ-[Jonasi groans]
窶ｪ-[doctor] Mrs. Gomora.
窶ｪ-[gasps]
窶ｪDoctor. [stammers]
窶ｪ[exhales]
窶ｪUnfortunately. he hasn't woken up.
窶ｪ[gasps. breathes heavily]
窶ｪ[stammers] Um窶ｦ
窶ｪHold on please.
窶ｪWhat are you saying to me?
窶ｪDo you mean my husband won't make it?
窶ｪ-No.
窶ｪ-Is my husband dead?
窶ｪNo. no. no. Uh窶ｦ
窶ｪHe's alive and he's stable for now.
窶ｪBe that as it may.
窶ｪit's evident that Mr. Gomora
窶ｪingested poison.
窶ｪ[eerie music plays]
窶ｪ[stammers] Poison?
窶ｪWe were able to pump it
窶ｪout of his stomach.
窶ｪWow.
窶ｪThis is shocking news.
窶ｪHow can Jonasi do this to us?
窶ｪWe have children together.
窶ｪMrs. Gomora. do you suspect
窶ｪthat it's self-induced?
窶ｪ[exhales] I don't know what to say.
窶ｪDoctor. what I do know is that
窶ｪlately we have been having issues.
窶ｪBut suicide?
窶ｪWow.
窶ｪ[stutters] I don't know.
窶ｪLet me get back to work.
窶ｪI'll keep you updated on everything.
窶ｪ-Thank you.
窶ｪ[siren wailing]
窶ｪ[exhales]
窶ｪ[clicks tongue]
窶ｪ[Sarah] 窶ｪDad. what happened to our picture?
窶ｪ[Jonasi]
窶ｪThe world does not revolve around you.
窶ｪYou need to stop
窶ｪbehaving like this. Okay?
窶ｪ[chuckles]
窶ｪ["Nyoni Yami" playing]
窶ｪ[clears throat]
窶ｪ[Sarah] Mom.
窶ｪWere your test results positive?
窶ｪ[sighs] Mm-hmm.
窶ｪ[Essie sighs]
窶ｪMaybe I should've married Magesh.
窶ｪI know. right?
窶ｪ[Essie sighs]
窶ｪ[sighs]
窶ｪ[exhales]
窶ｪ[music continues]
窶ｪ[rhythmic beeping]
窶ｪ[Jonasi exhales]
窶ｪBrother.
窶ｪ[music ends]
窶ｪ[Magesh] Hey.
窶ｪYou're awake?
窶ｪYeah. Where am I?
窶ｪHospital.
窶ｪ-You're going to be fine. Brother.
窶ｪ-Hospital?
窶ｪIn fact. let me call the doctor.
窶ｪDoctor!
窶ｪMr. Gomora.
窶ｪOh. I'm glad to see that you're awake.
窶ｪWhat happened to me?
窶ｪUnfortunately. Mr. Gomora窶ｦ
窶ｪyou had a mild heart attack.
窶ｪ[Joyce] Today. we stick to the same story.
窶ｪMy husband had a heart attack.
窶ｪWe're taking this to the grave.
窶ｪMrs. Gomora. you arrived just in time.
窶ｪ[Jonasi] Joyce.
窶ｪ[sighs] You frightened us.
窶ｪHow soon can we take my husband home?
窶ｪ-[stammers] Home?
窶ｪ-[Jonasi] I want to go home. Brother.
窶ｪYou know I hate hospitals.
窶ｪIf I can request
窶ｪfor Mr. Gomora to get some rest.
窶ｪWe still need to run a few more tests.
窶ｪThen we'll take it from there.
窶ｪJo.
窶ｪAre you okay?
窶ｪYes. I'm okay.
窶ｪDon't worry about anything else.
窶ｪYou'll be okay.
窶ｪWhat are your thoughts
窶ｪor your views on beneficial ownership?
窶ｪ[phone buzzing]
窶ｪUh. just窶ｦ just give me a second.
窶ｪ-[phone beeps]
窶ｪ-Jane. are the kids okay?
窶ｪI'm in an interview. I'll call you later.
窶ｪI'm in an interview. I'll call you.
窶ｪOkay. fine.
窶ｪ[phone beeps]
窶ｪI'm窶ｦ I'm so sorry about that.
窶ｪBeneficial ownership?
窶ｪUm. to窶ｦ to be honest.
窶ｪI hadn't really studied the act in depth.
窶ｪI see. [sighs]
窶ｪThat'll be all for now.
窶ｪWe'll keep in touch.
窶ｪThank you. I窶ｦ I look forward to it.
窶ｪFuck. [sighs]
窶ｪThere's no way
窶ｪI'm getting that job. [sighs]
窶ｪBut you know what? It's fine.
窶ｪMinor setback.
窶ｪIt doesn't change the fact
窶ｪthat I'm getting the hell away from here.
窶ｪFriend. how will you survive
窶ｪwith two kids without a job?
窶ｪ[clears throat] Let's drink.
窶ｪLet's drink.
窶ｪMmm. Mmm. This is really good.
窶ｪ-[smacks lips] Ooh. [sucks teeth]
窶ｪ-[sighs]
窶ｪ-[Zodwa clears throat]
窶ｪ-[phone buzzes]
窶ｪ-[sighs]
窶ｪ-[phone chimes]
窶ｪ[smacks lips. grunts]
窶ｪ[smacks lips]
窶ｪ[Jonasi sighs]
窶ｪLet me rest on the couch.
窶ｪMaybe I should've stayed
窶ｪ-longer at the hospital.
窶ｪ-[Joyce exclaims] Mm-mmm.
窶ｪImagine if word got out
窶ｪthat the CEO was hospitalized.
窶ｪ-That would surely tank the share price.
窶ｪ-Mmm.
窶ｪ[exclaims] You're fine here at home.
窶ｪBesides. you're a strong man.
窶ｪ-Wow.
窶ｪ-You know it's true. You're a man.
窶ｪ-Come on.
窶ｪ-This is nothing to you.
窶ｪAll right.
窶ｪOne more thing.
窶ｪI want to apologize
窶ｪfor almost leaving you guys.
窶ｪHmm.
窶ｪAnd I want you to know
窶ｪthat I'm not going anywhere.
窶ｪ-[chuckles]
窶ｪ-I'm here to stay.
窶ｪ-[moans] I promise.
窶ｪ-Sleep. love.
窶ｪ-Mmm.
窶ｪ-We thank the Lord
窶ｪfor that. my love.
窶ｪ[both moan]
窶ｪ[both chuckle]
窶ｪLet me give you your medication
窶ｪbefore I leave.
窶ｪI had already taken those.
窶ｪThese are antibiotics.
窶ｪYou infected us with an STI.
窶ｪAll of us.
窶ｪTake your medication and end all of this.
窶ｪLeave them on the table.
窶ｪI'll take them later.
窶ｪI'll come check on you.
窶ｪ[Jonasi] It's you and I forever.
窶ｪUntil death do us apart.
窶ｪJonasi and Joyce.
窶ｪ[Sarah] Mom?
窶ｪHey.
窶ｪMom. I don't think you should be drinking
窶ｪalcohol while you're on medication.
窶ｪOh. Sarah. my child.
窶ｪI know. but I have so many problems.
窶ｪGood lord.
窶ｪSomeone almost died from a heart attack
窶ｪand no one even bothered
窶ｪto tell me about it.
窶ｪ-What's going on?
窶ｪ-I forgot to call you. I'm sorry. Essie.
窶ｪThe problem is Jonasi.
窶ｪHe was supposed to call me.
窶ｪHe only remembers me
窶ｪwhen his wives deny him what he wants.
窶ｪ-He always wants--
窶ｪ-Stop.
窶ｪ[chuckles] No. don't stress about it.
窶ｪYou don't have to hide the truth.
窶ｪI know my dad is wicked.
窶ｪ[Essie] Wicked is an understatement.
窶ｪYour father is useless.
窶ｪHim and that idiot wife of his.
窶ｪ[sighs] Don't stress about people
窶ｪwho don't care about you. Mom.
窶ｪYou're right. my baby.
窶ｪI really don't care.
窶ｪFrom now on.
窶ｪI'm living my life and that's it.
窶ｪ[phone buzzing]
窶ｪ[Essie] Tholakele?
窶ｪ-[chuckles]
窶ｪ-[Magesh] Um窶ｦ
窶ｪIs that your new girlfriend?
窶ｪ-Huh?
窶ｪ-[Essie] Magesh. relax.
窶ｪThe secret is out. Everyone is
窶ｪliving their lives. Live yours too.
窶ｪ-Yeah. her name's Tholakele.
窶ｪ-[Essie] Mmm.
窶ｪ[stammers] She's a chartered accountant.
窶ｪOh. wow.
窶ｪShe's a wonderful woman.
窶ｪI see a future with her.
窶ｪ-Oh. wow. Magesh. [chuckles]
窶ｪ-[chuckles]
窶ｪ-You've found the one. hey.
窶ｪ-[giggles]
窶ｪPick up the phone before she dumps you.
窶ｪ[giggles]
窶ｪ[phone beeps]
窶ｪHello. my size.
窶ｪ-[door opens]
窶ｪ-How are you?
窶ｪ-[Essie chuckles] Oh. well.
窶ｪ-[door closes]
窶ｪ[door closes]
窶ｪ[Jonasi] Joy-Joy!
窶ｪOh.
窶ｪIt's you.
窶ｪYou're drinking my alcohol.
窶ｪListen. when you're done
窶ｪdestressing with my alcohol.
窶ｪget me some water from the kitchen.
窶ｪ[thuds]
窶ｪWhy don't you go and get it yourself?
窶ｪI beg your pardon?
窶ｪI said get your own water!
窶ｪWho are you talking to like that?
窶ｪHuh?
窶ｪYou've grown a pair.
窶ｪI'm still your father!
窶ｪYou don't have any balls.
窶ｪ-You're still scared of girls.
窶ｪ-[door slams]
窶ｪYou're just a weakling!
窶ｪIt would really be great if you could do
窶ｪan immediate transfer into this account.
窶ｪ[dramatic music plays]
窶ｪ[phone buzzes]
窶ｪWe're going to need Mr. Gomora
窶ｪto authorize this transfer.
窶ｪHave you forgotten
窶ｪthat Mr. Gomora is my husband
窶ｪand I have every right to this account?
窶ｪIt's a huge sum of money.
窶ｪAs a primary account holder.
窶ｪwe need him to sign.
窶ｪBut didn't I just tell you
窶ｪthat he's in hospital?
窶ｪHow's about I drive to him
窶ｪand have him sign there?
窶ｪHow's about I wheel him in here
窶ｪalong with his life support
窶ｪfor the whole damn world to see?
窶ｪI'm simply following protocol.
窶ｪ[Matipa] Really?
窶ｪYou know what? It's fine.
窶ｪI'll have him call you.
窶ｪconfirm the transfer.
窶ｪwhile praying to God
窶ｪthat I don't lose my husband.
窶ｪ[music continues]
窶ｪMrs. Gomora. please wait.
窶ｪI'll transfer the money.
窶ｪand I'll sort it out with Mr. Gomora.
窶ｪThe money should reflect in about an hour.
窶ｪThank you.
窶ｪ[music ends]
窶ｪ[Jonasi] Joyce.
窶ｪJoyce!
窶ｪThis is Joyce Gomora. Leave a message.
窶ｪHello. Essie here.
窶ｪ-窶ｪI can't take your call right now.
窶ｪ-Joyce!
窶ｪ-窶ｪHi. this is Matipa. I'm not available.
窶ｪ-[sighs]
窶ｪ[Matipa] 窶ｪOur marriage is built on a lie.
窶ｪYou deceived me into believing
窶ｪI was your second wife.
窶ｪHello. this is Lindani.
窶ｪ-窶ｪI'll get back to you.
窶ｪ-I'm done being your toilet!
窶ｪ-Let go of my mother. you bastard!
窶ｪ-I hate you.
窶ｪAll the love I had for you窶ｦ
窶ｪWhere are you going?
窶ｪOff to see your sugar daddy?
窶ｪWhat are you doing here. Menzi?
窶ｪTell me something. Lindani.
窶ｪWhat's wrong with you?
窶ｪYou know. I don't expect you
窶ｪto understand my situation.
窶ｪYou're right. I don't understand
窶ｪthis shit that you're doing.
窶ｪYou know. I wanted to love you.
窶ｪI wanted to窶ｦ [inhales sharply]
窶ｪI wanted to窶ｦ
窶ｪI wanted to marry you.
窶ｪMake you my wife.
窶ｪMake me your wife?
窶ｪMenzi. you and I never dated.
窶ｪNothing has ever happened between us.
窶ｪWhat? Is he giving you money?
窶ｪ-Huh? Do you want money?
窶ｪ-[dramatic music playing]
窶ｪI'll give you anything you want.
窶ｪDo you hear me?
窶ｪWhatever you want.
窶ｪI'll give you anything you want.
窶ｪLet me go. Menzi. Are you mad?
窶ｪGo to hell. [scoffs] Gosh.
窶ｪListen here. you slut.
窶ｪI'm still talking to you.
窶ｪHow much is he giving you?
窶ｪLet me go.
窶ｪ[music stops]
窶ｪ-[birds chirping]
窶ｪ-[dog barking]
窶ｪ[Jonasi clears throat. sniffles]
窶ｪI see you decided
窶ｪnot to take your medication.
窶ｪWhere have you been?
窶ｪExcuse me?
窶ｪYou left me here unattended.
窶ｪYou know I just came
窶ｪout of hospital. right?
窶ｪOh. whatever.
窶ｪ-Joyce.
窶ｪ-Oh. come on now.
窶ｪDon't walk away from me
窶ｪwhile I'm talking to you.
窶ｪ[Joyce] Oh. please. Stop it.
窶ｪ-My gosh.
窶ｪ-Excuse me.
窶ｪHave you forgotten I'm your husband?
窶ｪ[scoffs]
窶ｪYou're my husband?
窶ｪYou're my husband only when it suits you.
窶ｪYou left me here alone unattended.
窶ｪYou're out gallivanting? Huh?
窶ｪ-Are you a lady of the streets now?
窶ｪ-Lady of the streets?
窶ｪI'm asking you.
窶ｪwhat else did you want from me?
窶ｪDid you want me to put you on my back?
窶ｪOr put me on my chest and breastfeed you?
窶ｪThat would've been a start.
窶ｪ[scoffs] Please.
窶ｪYou're not a child.
窶ｪNeither are you.
窶ｪBut here you are.
窶ｪI take care of you.
窶ｪEven these clothes you're wearing.
窶ｪI'm the one that bought them for you.
窶ｪBut have you ever heard me complain?
窶ｪHave you ever--
窶ｪAs if you qualify to complain.
窶ｪGomora. listen.
窶ｪEven on your greatest days.
窶ｪdon't ever forget that I made you.
窶ｪAh.
窶ｪ-My father gave you an opportunity.
窶ｪ-Oh?
窶ｪGave you a seat at the table
窶ｪwhen all you were worth
窶ｪwas nothing but crumbs off a dog's plate.
窶ｪWe saved you from Soweto
窶ｪand made you who you are.
窶ｪYou would still be trash in Soweto
窶ｪif we didn't rescue you.
窶ｪI made you.
窶ｪ[clicks tongue. scoffs]
窶ｪ-Hey! What the fuck has gotten into you?
窶ｪ-[scoffs]
窶ｪ[chuckles]
窶ｪWho do you think I am? Huh?
窶ｪYou and that father of yours.
窶ｪ-is he listed on the stock exchange?
窶ｪ-No. he's not. but I am.
窶ｪDon't you dare forget
窶ｪthat there are two J's in your company.
窶ｪand one of those J's is mine. Jonasi.
窶ｪ[chuckles] Okay.
窶ｪYou seem to forget
窶ｪthis little township kid.
窶ｪthis dirt you're talking about.
窶ｪgave everything to you.
窶ｪmade you a wife.
窶ｪEven that precious
窶ｪfather of yours who died.
窶ｪit was me.
窶ｪI helped him.
窶ｪI alone!
窶ｪNonetheless.
窶ｪ50% of everything that you own
窶ｪis all mine.
窶ｪ["I Got the Drip" playing]
窶ｪ[patron whistles]
窶ｪHey. look at you. [laughs]
窶ｪI'm gonna get some.
窶ｪYes. my boy. [chuckles]
窶ｪDo it. my boy. Go have some fun.
窶ｪ-[chuckles]
窶ｪ-Fuck the bitches.
窶ｪFuck the bitches.
窶ｪThey can fuck off out of here.
窶ｪFuck Lindani.
窶ｪ-[both chuckle]
窶ｪ-[Freedom] Have a blast. Enjoy the ride.
窶ｪ-[music ends]
窶ｪ-[Matipa] Okay.
窶ｪID. birth certificates. vaccination cards.
窶ｪ[Jonasi] I was in hospital.
窶ｪYou didn't even come to check on me.
窶ｪ-You're not picking up my calls.
窶ｪ-[clears throat]
窶ｪYou're ignoring my texts.
窶ｪI'm ignoring your texts?
窶ｪ-You can go fuck yourself. all right.
窶ｪ-Oh?
窶ｪWhen last did you check on me. Jonasi?
窶ｪAs your wife?
窶ｪWhen last did you check on your kids?
窶ｪOr did you forget about them?
窶ｪI was sick.
窶ｪAnd all you care about is yourself.
窶ｪ-Okay.
窶ｪ-Yeah.
窶ｪBecause you're unwell.
窶ｪthe whole world needs to stop.
窶ｪ-[exhales]
窶ｪ-I'm also sick. Jonasi.
窶ｪ-[scoffs]
窶ｪ-Or have you forgotten about that?
窶ｪI'm sick. You made me sick.
窶ｪDon't tell me that bullshit.
窶ｪI could've died.
窶ｪBut you don't care about that.
窶ｪ-I wish you were dead.
窶ｪ-You wish I was dead?
窶ｪ-Me?
窶ｪDo you care about me?
窶ｪOr anyone else. for that matter?
窶ｪDo you fucking care?
窶ｪOh.
窶ｪ[chuckles]
窶ｪYou want me to show you personally
窶ｪhow much I care about you?
窶ｪIs that what you want?
窶ｪYou want Daddy to show you who he is?
窶ｪ[Jonasi moaning]
窶ｪ[Matipa strains]
窶ｪWhat the fuck?
窶ｪ[screams]
窶ｪWho do you think you're hitting?
窶ｪ-You wanna fight me? Huh?
窶ｪ-[breathing heavily]
窶ｪ-Your husband?
窶ｪ-Did you just slap me. Jonasi?
窶ｪYou slapped me.
窶ｪ-You slapped me.
窶ｪ-You're my wife. Do you hear me?
窶ｪWhen I say spread your legs and let me in.
窶ｪyou will do exactly that. Are we clear?
窶ｪ-You want to sleep with me?
窶ｪ-No. I don't. I want to fuck you.
窶ｪ-I want to fuck you.
窶ｪYou're done with your bitches?
窶ｪ-My bitches?
窶ｪ-Huh?
窶ｪYou're done with your bitches
窶ｪand want to sleep with me now?
窶ｪYes. what's wrong with that?
窶ｪYou bastard. You want to sleep with me?
窶ｪYou want to--
窶ｪ-[grunts]
窶ｪ-You want to sleep with me?
窶ｪ-[screams. grunts]
窶ｪ-Huh?
窶ｪ[gasps]
窶ｪWhat are you trying to prove? Huh?
窶ｪ-[panting]
窶ｪ-You have no respect.
窶ｪYou lack discipline.
窶ｪ-I'll teach you today.
窶ｪ-[breathing heavily]
窶ｪYou thought you could take my money
窶ｪand I wouldn't find out?
窶ｪYou thought I wouldn't find out?
窶ｪYou thought you'd take my money
窶ｪand I wouldn't find out?
窶ｪ-[screaming] Okay. I'm sorry!
窶ｪ-Come here. Come here.
窶ｪ[Ashley. Hayley crying]
窶ｪ-Come here. Come.
窶ｪ-[screaming]
窶ｪ[racy music playing]
窶ｪ[Jonasi] 窶ｪYou're such a coward. my boy.
窶ｪWhy are you so slow?
窶ｪ[moans]
窶ｪ[sucks teeth. moaning]
窶ｪ[Matipa yelps]
窶ｪ-Move!
窶ｪ-Piss off!
窶ｪ[screams. sobs]
窶ｪ[lock clicks]
窶ｪ-[in Zulu] You like this?
窶ｪ-[grunts] Menzi.
窶ｪ-You want me to be an asshole?
窶ｪ-Menzi.
窶ｪYou want me to be an asshole like Jonasi.
窶ｪThat's what you want?
窶ｪ[panting]
窶ｪ-[Jonasi] You think I'm a piece of shit?
窶ｪ-My love.
窶ｪ-Do you think I'm a piece of shit? Huh?
窶ｪ-[crying] No.
窶ｪ-Huh?
窶ｪ-[wailing]
窶ｪ-What do you think I am?
窶ｪ-[sobbing]
窶ｪ-[screams]
窶ｪ-Do you think I'm your fool?
窶ｪ-Am I a piece of shit?
窶ｪ-Uh-uh.
窶ｪ-[Jonasi] 窶ｪWhat are you doing?
窶ｪ-[Joyce] 窶ｪMenzi!
窶ｪ[Mpume] 窶ｪYou're hurting him!
窶ｪStop doing that.
窶ｪI said cut that shit out. bitch.
窶ｪGet out of here.
窶ｪ[sighs] Fuck!
窶ｪ-[screams]
窶ｪ-You thought you were smart.
窶ｪ-[groaning]
窶ｪ-Not anymore. huh?
窶ｪ-[groans]
窶ｪ-Not anymore.
窶ｪI'm not playing with you. bitch!
窶ｪ-I'm not playing with you.
窶ｪ-[screams]
窶ｪ[no audible dialogue]
窶ｪWhat did you think you were gonna get?
窶ｪHuh? What did you think I'd do?